TestOK is an AI layer that sits on top of your bench instruments.
It first reads the board's design — datasheet, BOM, test procedure and schematic.
You simply select the board, the model, and the test you wish to run.
On Run, it drives the power supply, load, multimeter and scope itself — logging every SCPI command on the wire.
Within seconds, you get a verdict: this board has failed.
And here is the most important part — the diagnosis.
High output ripple, but clean DC regulation — the likely cause is the output capacitor.
TestOK then points to the exact component on the schematic…
…and on the actual board.
Finally, it exports a complete, audit-ready report…
…with the verdict, the measurements and the reasoning, all in one place.